the pangaré line fifa world gallery
beta and today I'm going to talk about red card
but the tip for you all of a sudden
won red card with one player
that you invest in heavy expensive dress
suddenly it is not updated yet not
is because the player can not stay in the
casting is easy here
I've been after a while and I changed the
Location of his place speaks to you here at
correct position for the power it
accepted at departure is from the following
logic
we believe he will not be
with the red card more than the crisis
here he was if I left him here
the message that appears when the
people are going to play here
I'm going to
It's good that I was on the bench.
show him what his biography is all about
I the Christian marques bonuses
the crime was known as crisis and there
It's okay with eight yellow cards.
red card that red card
to iacc the red card from here
come on
there will not players are injured
suspended márcio year such a crisis
You give it okay and now you'll drag it.
there to the end of the line in the reserve
here yes here it will be accepted
team in the next match he will be
to comply because this speech
and it's cleared out
this is the tip I hope you have
helped you a lot and that's it or
go to war
thanks
ae